The method of Support Vector Classification can be extended to solve regression problems. This method is called Support Vector Regression.The model produced by support vector classification (as described above) depends only on a subset of the training data, because the cost function for building the model does not care about training points that lie beyond the margin. Analogously, the model produced by Support Vector Regression depends only on a subset of the training data, because the cost function ignores samples whose prediction is close to their target.There are three different implementations of Support Vector Regression: SVR, NuSVR and LinearSVR. LinearSVR provides a faster implementation than SVR but only considers the linear kernel, while NuSVR implements a slightly different formulation than SVR and LinearSVR. See Implementation details for further details. As with classification classes, the fit method will take as argument vectors X, y, only that in this case y is expected to have floating point values instead of integer values:
For general machine learning questions, please use Cross Validated with the [machine-learning] tag.For scikit-learn usage questions, please use Stack Overflow with the [scikit-learn] and [python] tags. You can alternatively use the mailing list.lease make sure to include a minimal reproduction code snippet (ideally shorter than 10 lines) that highlights your problem on a toy dataset (for instance from sklearn.datasets or randomly generated with functions of numpy.random with a fixed random seed). Please remove any line of code that is not necessary to reproduce your problem.The problem should be reproducible by simply copy-pasting your code snippet in a Python shell with scikit-learn installed. Do not forget to include the import statements.More guidance to write good reproduction code snippets can be found at:https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcvef your problem raises an exception that you do not understand (even after googling it), please make sure to include the full traceback that you obtain when running the reproduction script. bug reports or feature requests, please make use of the issue tracker on GitHub.There is also a scikit-learn Gitter channel where some users and developers might be found.
How do i find the pseudo-inverse for machine learning regression problem.
Numpy or tensorflow libraries for finding the mean of columns of a matrix?
Let's get some tensor stuff going!
Ok, now I want to analyze some http code.
What about if I want to do some data manipulation?
How do I use numpy arrays?
